= Frequently Asked Questions =

This section is frequently updated based on findings in the community and the most common questions received.

If your question is not answered by the list bellow, please feel free to post an issue under [Issues] section.


== Setup ==
 # How do I get started?
  * See [http://code.google.com/p/openpojo/wiki/Tutorial Tutorial]
 # How do I configure my eclipse project against the source code of OpenPojo?
  * Checkout the code:
   * svn checkout http://openpojo.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ openpojo-read-only
  * Download and Install maven (http://maven.apache.org/download.html)
  * Download and install eclipse (http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/)
  * Open a command prompt and go to the folder where you check'ed out the code.
   * run mvn eclipse:eclipse
  * Start eclipse and import the project.

== Usage ==
=== Field Prefixes ===
 # In my company we use field prefixes so in a class we can have String m_name with getName setName, how do I use OpenPojo to validate getters/setters?
  * In your test setup method, and before you enumerate any POJOs call AttributeHelper.registerFieldPrefix(String).
 # We use hungarian notation, what can we do?
  * You can call AttributeHelper.registerFieldPrefix(String) as many times as you want, they are all stored and used.
=== Filtering ===
 # How do I filter out all enums as well as package-info?
  * Create a FilterChain and pass in the constructor all the filters that you want to run against your POJOs (FilterEnum, FilterPackageInfo).
  * Pass that FilterChain to the PojoClassFactory when you're enumerating - getPojoClasses(packageName, PojoClassFilter).
 # OpenPojo keeps pulling in these classes that I didn't create, they were created by Clover, help!!
  * When enumerating pass in FilterCloverClasses.
=== Enumeration ===
 # I need to enumerate all classes in a package that is located inside a JAR file.
  * Add that JAR file to your class path when you run, call PojoClassFactory.getPojoClassesRecursively(packageName, filter).
 # My Pojo Classes are spread in many packages, how do I find them all?
  * This question has many answers depending on what you can / can't do, but here are a few suggestions
   * If you are able to identify them when you visually look at them, write a PojoClassFilter that looks for whatever clues you know about to vote them in.
   * If you can't find out by looking, the next best thing to do is to create a marker interface or annotation that you can throw on your Pojo's that you can then create a PojoClassFilter to examine.

*Have a question that was not answered?*
 * Post a comment on this page and I'll answer you.